[eslint-plugin-expo] initial setup for eslint-plugin-expo (#27659)
expo/expo: packages/eslint-plugin-expo/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Creating a new rule

> To create a new rules, add the following files:
> - `src/rules/newRule.ts`
> - `src/__tests__/newRule.ts`
> - `docs/rules/newRule.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new rules, add the rule definition, a test, and documentation:

```bash
touch src/rules/newRule.ts
touch src/__tests__/newRule.ts
touch docs/rules/newRule.md
```
```

slight preference for something you can copy and paste. we could condense into a one-liner by just passing multiple files into `touch` but i think this format also makes it easy to copy and paste individual lines if you want
